steep Pyu faces Arizona in the Pioneer
Las Vegas Bowl on ESPN and colony would
fall let's hear what a fish at the
Carrier Dome last night 11 ranks
Syracuse Economics Cleveland State Jim
Boeheim seemed down late here 30 seconds
ago Jonathan Bullock pulling up knocking
down the Trey state takes a five-point
lead go to the other end of the court
Johnny Flynn sensation with sophomore
knocking down the trade queues down 2
seconds later Cleveland State inbound
the ball Flynn tips the inbound pass
goes out of balance off bullet the twos
add the ball left under 10 seconds left
they have a chance Andy Rautins from the
quarter misses the three but check out
the foot back orange on Orchard the foot
back we're tied with splitty time for
Teddy Jackson
are you kidding me two point two seconds
left Jackson II from a half-court and it
goes in a memorable win for Cleveland
stayed they pull off the upset by three
they're close Gary waters on
SportsCenter earlier today that's the
game I did not see the shot because I
had turned when they took it out I had
turned it was two point one two seconds
on the clock and I turned to one of my
assistants to say now we got to get
prepared for overtime then I looked at
the bench and everyone just jumped in a
row turn the noise and so I looked up
and then I gave honor to God and I you
know I was excited too it's a feeling
that's unbelievable you know it was a
stunned feeling at the beginning because
I couldn't realize that it had happened
it was a sudden feeling and then once
and it you know all like like a mountain
had been lifted off of here Cleveland
State lights playing at the Carrier Dome
is their first appearance at the dome
since upset Indiana and Saint Joseph's
in the first two rounds of the 1986 NCAA
tournament that Indiana victory was the
first time in tournament history that a
number 14 seed
knocked off the number three seed and it
was the first time that legendary coach
of course Bobby Knight lost in the first
round of the tournament